[DOCS] Adds new screenshot to Transform tutorial (#69194)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/transform/ecommerce-tutorial.asciidoc

{transform}.
+
--
.. Supply a {transform} ID, the name of the target (or _destination_) index and 
optionally a description. If the target index does not exist, it will be created 
automatically.

.. Decide whether you want the {transform} to run once or continuously. Since 
this sample data index is unchanging, let's use the default behavior and just 
run the {transform} once. If you want to try it out, however, go ahead and click 
on *Continuous mode*. You must choose a field that the {transform} can use to 
check which entities have changed. In general, it's a good idea to use the 
ingest timestamp field. In this example, however, you can use the `order_date` 
field.

.. Optionally, you can configure a retention policy that applies to your 

> {transform}. Select a date field that is used to identify out of date documents 

Reviewer: I think "out-dated" or "old" is preferable here:
```suggestion
{transform}. Select a date field that is used to identify old documents 
```
